we asked a few familiar faces what they
thought of the results I've been a
fantastic evening but I bowed when you
think about it probably the by yourself
you know it but it's just been great I
know miss lovely it's very sad to see
you
Robbie living yeah she really put a lot
a lot into it and he's progress
throughout the competition was amazing
it's always somebody now old couples are
great but somebody has to think it was
absolutely the right reaction darling
give him out lovely stuff now we've got
some really top quality dancers in there
when we were waiting to find out where
they were safe or not it was a horrible
experience
my eyes were twitching my body was
shaking I just there's not much more we
can do
we should go any further in the
competition for whatever reasons and
that's not in my control but I do want
to thank everyone on the phone before us
great scores good comments we just made
me go back I fought with Pinnacle
defense week so to still be entered in
the semi finals is just now it's time to
have your say comments on the BBC's
Strictly results blog and let the nation
know what you thought of the results